GG FANTASY takes the privacy of the fans, players, suppliers, contractors and other individuals who we come into contact with very seriously and understands the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of their personal data and other information.
GG FANTASY is committed, in the course of its activities and in compliance with applicable data protection laws, to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your personal data, as well as to respect your privacy. Further information on what data we collect, why we collect it and what we do with it can be found in the documents below:
GG FANTASY Privacy Policy – This policy explains how GG FANTASY uses personal data when people access GG FANTASY’s websites, use GG FANTASY's official apps, play our games on Gaming Hub, interact with our social media profiles, and/or when they communicate with GG FANTASY.
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Welcome to GG Fantasy. We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website (www.GGfantasy.com), including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the "Site"). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the site.
2. Information We Collect
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Personal Data: Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the Site or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site, such as online chat and message boards.
Derivative Data: Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site.
Financial Data: Financial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g., valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services from the Site.
Mobile Device Data: Device information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access the Site from a mobile device.
3. Use of Your Information
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
• To operate and maintain our Site.
• To improve your experience on our Site.
• To send you marketing and promotional communications.
• To respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.
• To process and deliver contest entries and rewards.
• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
4. Disclosure of Your Information
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
By Law or to Protect Rights: If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
Third-Party Service Providers: We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Business Transfers: We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
5. Security of Your Information
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.
6. Policy for Children
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If we learn we have collected information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [info@haddaf.com].
7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. We will notify you of any changes by updating the "Effective Date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
8. Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
GG Fantasy
Amman, Jordan
info@haddaf.com
